Dimension Twist
Dimension the First
 	Once Upon a time, in a faraway land, there lived a dragon. The dragon was named Hannibal and he lived on Pilatus, the mountain of dragons. Hannibal was not a cannibal, much to the relief of his fellow dragons.
 	Contrary to popular belief, not all dragons live to eat people and their livestock. One day as Hannibal was flying over the (sea of the) slippery, seditious, sleepy, sneaky, and generally suspicious sea of serpents, Hannibal heard a blood-curdling scream…
 	Quick as a flash, Hannibal flew towards the source of the scream, a million different scenarios playing out in his mind. Who could have let off such a horrified howl? What could have caused the concerning calamity? When he reached the source of the scream, he found out that a young wood nymph had fallen and broken her arm while trying to carry a basket of too many blue-spotted brittle berries. When she saw Hannibal, she cried out in fear, “Help! The evil dragon’s going to eat me!” she screamed.
 	Hannibal quickly grew alarmed, “Evil dragon!?!?!? Where!?!?!?”
 	“Right behind you.” Growled a gravely voice. Hannibal slowly turned around and saw………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… an exact mirror image of himself!!! (Duh duh duuuuuh)
 	“But… but… how is that possible? Hannibal finally managed. “Where did you even come from?”
 	The evil dragon smirked, “Wouldn’t you just love to know. No, I don’t think I’ll tell you that.” Hannibal gulped. The wood nymph let out a little whimper, “I am Tetrahedral, and I am going to take over Pilatus and you will be my first minions!” he laughed evilly.
 	Despite his fear Hannibal found the nerve to exclaim, “You’ll never have me as a minion! Not if free will still exists!”
 	Tetrahedral laughed maniacally. “Free will? Why that’s been dead for years! Ever since I invented these mind control devices, you have no choice but to do as I say!”
 	Hannibal looked confused, “what mind control devices?”
 	Tetrahedral grinned, showing his rather large and knife-like teeth, “Oh you stupid beast” he chuckled, “the mind control device…is the blue-spotted brittle berries! How else would they get that wonderful crunch?”
 	The wood nymph, finally coming out of her shock muttered, “I knew they were too good to be true! Blue-spotted brittle berries are so rare, and I was just so excited to have found a whole patch of them that I couldn’t stop myself from eating some!”
 	“Hee hee hee” said Tetrahedral, “I knew this plan would work. All of you foolish creatures on Pilatus are sooo gullible!” suddenly Hannibal took a deep breath in, deep in his throat a spark started which could only mean one thing…with well-practiced precision, Hannibal decimated the remaining brittle berries in a fierce torrent of fire. Thankfully the wood nymph had dropped the basket in fear when Tetrahedral arrived. She would miss that basket though, it had been in her family for centuries.
 	“You think that you just did an honorable, noble, and otherwise brave thing don’t you?” the evil dragon snarled, “but I have many more. In fact, I have some being planted all over your stinking mountain!” Tetrahedral started backing up towards the edge of a cliff, but he took one step too much…
 	It could have meant the end for Tetrahedral, if he was not a dragon. Within seconds he spread his wings and rose up over the cliff, crying out with a cackle, “This won’t be the last you’ll see of me!” before either of the two stunned spectators could react, he flew off into the distance.
 	There was a bright flash of blue light and then, a hole opened in the sky! “Hannibal! Watch out!” cried the wood nymph, but it was too late.
 	“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!” Hannibal screamed as he fought against the invisible force sucking him into the chasm. Then in he went, Tetrahedral followed, and the hole closed.
 
Dimension the Second
 	Hannibal stared around at his surroundings. He was sitting in the middle of Dedham square which was filled with screaming people. A man in an old fashioned lab coat, welding gloves and goggles, and white galoshes ran into the street. “Yes! My horrible temporal-molecular rift-enhancer worked!”
 	Before he could fully recover from the shock, Hannibal saw Tetrahedral fly off. He had to follow the evil dragon! As he flew off, he saw the man with the goggles frown, but he ignored it. He chased after his nemesis until the evil dragon landed in a large field with strange-looking posts on either end. He vaguely noticed the “Dedham Marauders” written on a wall nearby as he landed.
 	“Hey! What did you do!?” Hannibal cried, distressed at being mysteriously transported to a new location. Then something strange happened to Tetrahedral, he started changing and transforming into…… a man! Before Hannibal knew what was happening, Tetrahedral had turned into Mr. Carney!
 	“HAHAHAHAH, you stupid Pilatus dragons, only thinking in one dimension.” He chortled evilly, “my friend, Henry Deacon the leader of Global Dynamics had no idea how this technology could be used, especially in the hands of Dr. Heinz Horrible!”
 	“But, how?”
 	“ Through the series of dehydrogenation reactions that brought us here, the equivalence point of our cells changed, allowing me to activate the coenzymes that let me change form” the smug look on Tetrahedral-Mr. Carney’s face showed just how proud of his schemes he was.
 	“ wow!” Hannibal said, “ if you can do it, so can i!” Hannibal concentrated and then, he started changing as well but he must have done something wrong because he turned into - Felicia Day? “Hey” she said, “why do I look different?”
 	“Oh you loathsome lagic head, you are different because you changed into a woman, but no matter, I will destroy you anyways.” But just then a gym class came out of the building and started playing soccer on the field.
 	The two were shooed off of the field by the gym teacher, Mr. McGuire, and decided to take their epic showdown inside.
 	“what the heck is a lagic head anyway?” asked Hannibal as they entered the school.
 	“I don’t know,” Tetrahedral admitted, “but it sounded mean.” The two stood in the middle of the main gym staring at each other. “So this is how it is going to end for you,” said Mr. Carney. I suppose it will be, thought Hannibal or Felicia Day.
 	“Or not!” a shadowed figure stood in the corner. He stepped into the light.
 	“Dr. Deacon! You should be at GD!”
 	“Not when my science project is running around town terrorizing kids at the high school. Come along.” So Mr. Carney snarled and followed Henry Deacon out of the room.
 	Hannibal saw his chance and ran in the other direction, right into the arms of Dr. Heinz Horrible!
 	“Going somewhere?” the evil doctor asked, following the question with his trademark evil laugh.
 	“well, I-uh… I was just” Hannibal stuttered, not sure at all what to do.
 	It seemed he didn’t have to worry, though, because as soon as Dr. Horrible got a look at the former dragon, he froze, “ P-Penny? Penny is that you? I thought you were dead!”
 	“Um… I’m actually not dead, I was… uh, just unconscious…” she smiled prettily and batted her eyelashes.
 	“Oh Penny! I was so sad! I mean it was my fault that you died, but I love you and even death can’t change that!” Dr. Horrible gripped her arms harder. “Penny come with me! We can rule the universe! We can take over GD and rule the universe! Come with me!”
 	“Of course,” Penny replied, wondering what she was getting herself into. “Of course I’ll take over the world with you! We’ll live in a castle and have everything we ever wanted!”
 	The two walked out of the school together, arm in arm, with a skip in their steps, because skipping is totally evil and all… “Penny,” Dr. Horrible spoke first, “ would you like to hear my evil plan? It’s a really good one!”
 	“I would love to hear it over some frozen yogurt!” Hannibal/Felicia started to worry. Hannibal wasn’t evil and neither was Felicia.
 	“Well I will start telling you now, it’s complicated.” And he began, “First I go into an alternate dimension and recruit an evil dragon to work for me. Then I used Henry Deacon’s molecular mixer to make the evil dragon a minion to serve me. Together the dragon, controlled by me, will remove (without bloodshed) all methods of resistance the world might have. They will have no choice but to bow to my superior technology and obey my every command!”
 	“Wait,” Hannibal interrupted Dr. Horrible’s evil laugh, “ you’re saying it was you who brought Tetrahedral and his mind controlling brittle berries? You caused all of this trouble?!”
 	The evil genius frowned, “Penny, how did you know the name of the dragon I recruited? I never told anyone! I figured Tetrahedral was an even more evil name than Dr. Horrible, and I didn’t want people to start insulting my name…”
 	“Um…I…” Hannibal froze. How was she supposed to explain himself without causing more of a problem?
 	“Well,” Penny started, “I was just guessing, I mean, I thought Tetrahedral was a pretty evil name and of course my little evil genius, that someone as smart as you would surely think of that name.” she reached forward and started to caress his hair.
 	“Penny” he said, “you are starting to act a little strange, did the atomic radiation safety drill rattle your nerves a little?” he started inching away.
 	“What do you mean?” Felicia asked, trying to keep up the act-she didn’t want to suffer the consequences of telling Doctor Horrible the truth. “Haven’t I always been like this? You’ve just never seen this side of me, that’s all.”
 	Billy stopped inching away and sighed. There’s only so much you can learn about a person by watching them do their laundry ( and go on dates with stupid arch-nemesis) after all.
  	Meanwhile….
 	Mr. Carney glared at Henry, “Why did you have to go and ruin all of my fun?”
 	“Because you aren’t stable!” he said, “ the molecular mixer isn’t permanent, any day or time you could shift back into a dragon and cause mass hysteria!” Dr. Deacon sighed and locked the door to the holding room. “ I don’t want to keep you locked up, but until we can fix the problem, you can’t leave.” He picked up the phone and dialed the sheriff’s office, “Carter, I have something that needs to be guarded, please come to Global Dynamics as soon as possible.”
 	In the corner some papers rustled, a man cleared his throat and stepped out of the shadows, “Hello Henry, we have a lot to talk about.”
 	Henry gasped, “Nathan Stark?!”
 	“Yes. I am rather dashing, you know. Why shouldn’t someone as dashing as myself randomly appear in Global Dynamics without any ulterior motives whatsoever?” The smirk on his face made Henry wonder if he was being completely honest about not having ulterior motives.
 	Tetrahedral frowned from within the cell, “I’m not exactly sure who you are, but do you think you could GET ME OUT OF HERE!?” His attempts at staying calm abandoned, the former dragon continued yelling, hoping that the stranger would believe his lie, “this man is CRAZY! He abducted me in the middle of class and locked me up for no reason!!! Please, get me out of this place!!!”
 	“Oh shut up you pathetic dragon, you are not getting out of there for a very long time.” Stark smirked.
 	“What do you want Nathan?” Henry asked.
 	“ I want the molecular mixer”
 	“You can’t have it”
 	Stark pulled out a handgun, “Then I will take it by force”
 	“You’re crazy!”
 	Suddenly the door swung open with a band and Dr. Horrible ran in?
 	“Jerry, you’re late.” Hahahaha, my undercover intern idea is working, thought the evil doctor.
 	“Sorry,” he mumbled, head down, while he stealthily took in the scene. “Traffic was a killer.” He shuffled into the room, looking (as subtly as he could) for the key to the holding cell; he overheard the entire conversation and wanted his dragon-minion back!
 	As he moved across the room, Stark, gun still out, looked confused, “Henry, who in the name of Morgan Freeman is this guy?! He’s interrupting my hostile takeover!”
 	“He’s my new intern,” henry said.
 	“ I didn’t authorize and internship here,” Stark said angrily.
 	“Maybe you forgot?” Henry suddenly felt like he was in trouble.
 	“I am the leader of Global Dynamics! I don’t just forget giving people security clearance for section five!” He pointed the gun at Jerry(Dr. Horrible) “Now, since you have seen the government’s top secret projects,” he prepped his gun to shoot, “you must die.”
 	“Not so fast!” Everyone turned to stare at the doorway where none other than Penny/Felicia/Hannibal was standing pointing the freeze ray at Stark, clearly warning him that he will be the first to be shot.”I don’t want to have to shoot anyone,” she continued because, well, she really didn’t, “but I will if I have to. Just give us what we want and no one will get hurt.”
 	“How did you even get in here?!” Stark had turned the gun on Penny but he didn’t dare shoot- he wasn’t willing to test which weapon strikes faster.
 	“I don’t have to tell you!” she yelled.
 	“But I really want to know,” he batted his long dark eyelashes in her direction.
 	“Back off my girl!” screamed Jerry!
 	“Well, if you really want to know,” she smiled flirtatiously, “I went through the maintenance hatch in the back of the mad science lab-“
 	“Penny, shut up!” Jerry started panicking .
 	“- I snuck through the botany and astronomy labs, took down the security guards throughout the building and ended up here.”
 	Jerry turned purple, he turned red, and then blue. “Penny! I can’t believe you just gave away our route!”
 	She shrugged. “It’s not like I told them our escape route.” From inside his cell, Tetrahedral was giving the confrontation his full attention. If they got distracted enough he could transform back into a dragon, break out, fly away, and find somewhere to live as Mr. Carney in peace (while working out his world takeover plan, of course).
 	Realizing what she had done, Penny shook her head appalled at how she had been charmed into giving away their plan. Why did he have to be so gosh darn charming?! Steeling her resolve she readjusted her grip on the gun, keeping it pointed at Stark, her finger hovering over the trigger.
 	“Could you do it? Could you really kill me?” Stark was clearly trying to get her to second-guess herself, but it didn’t work.
 	“No,” Penny replied coolly, pulling the trigger, “but I can freeze you.”
 	“That’s my girl!” Dr. Horrible yelled, elated at the fact that one, his freeze ray worked and two, that his girlfriend was evil enough to freeze the most important man in Dedham.
 	“Now,” she turned towards Henry. Evil felt good, she thought, “Do you get the picture and comply or do you need another lesson in crime and criminals?”
 	Henry raised his hands in surrender, “Okay okay, I’ll give you whatever you want! Just don’t kill me, alright?”
 	Penny nodded, satisfied, and Dr. Horrible looked smug. Deacon looked confused, though. “What is it that you want anyway? What do we have here that you guys need?”
 	Dr. Horrible grinned, always happy to monologue about his evil plans. “You, Dr. Deacon, have my evil dragon-minion, and I want him back. Without him, our world takeover plans would never work, you know.”
 	“You do plan to barter don’t you?”
 	“Of course, what would you like? Your life? Money? Drugs? Wonderflonium?
 	“I want Penny.”
 	“What!?!?” Dr. Horrible stepped back aghast, “I am evil and even I don’t use humans as currency!”
 	“Do I get a say in this? Penny shrieked.
 	“Shut up Penny, men are talking,” said Dr. Deacon.
 	“What did you just say?” Penny was getting mad, and pretty soon no one would be able to calm her down.
 	“He said,” Dr. Horrible replied, “that you should shut up and let the men do the talking, and I happen to agree with him. Negotiations like this are simply too dangerous and advanced for women to participate in.”
 	With a loud cry of anger, Penny fired the freeze ray at the two men. She knew for a fact that the victims were still aware of their surroundings while they were frozen, and she was going to use this time to rant.
 	Mr. Carney rolled his eyes as the jabbering continued, it had been going on for three hours! Suddenly, he thought of an idea, an evil Carney idea…
 	“Penny, or Hannibal, whatever you will, how about you unfreeze Deacon there and get him to open the cell.”
 	“Because I don’t trust you.” She paused, “I already know your plan.”
 	He blew a tiny flame out of his mouth and chuckled, “Come now, we both know it will be better for both of us.”
 	“And what exactly would I get out that arrangement? You would be free and Deacon would just take the time to lock me up for being evil, or whatever. I end up worse off than I already am!”
 	Tetrahedral sighed, “Well how about this: you let me free and I return you to mount Pilatus, free of charge. I’ll even stop trying to take over the mountain and focus my efforts on this world instead.”
 	“Hmmm,” Penny considered, on one hand, she would get to go home and eat brittle berries and live a carefree life once more. On the other hand, she had grown used to her body and life in this world, leaving it would certainly be hard to do. “I have to think about that one, maybe for the next million years, I like this place, no wood nymphs, and I don’t look like you here.” She was about to leave when she heard a voice yell.
 	“Stop!” she turned to see Nathan Stark step out of the shell of ice covering him, “I can help you, come with me and I will help you.”
 	“Are you sure?”
 	 “Of course.”
 	“Alright then.” She said warily and followed him out of the building.
  Dimension the second: part 2
	As the two took off in his super-secret-stealth jet, the others began to unfreeze.
	“That dirty rotten scoundrel!” Doctor Horrible slammed his fist down on the nearest table.
	Deacon smirked, “I have a proposition for you doctor. Stark just ran off with a woman we both want. What do you say? Wanna steal her back together and settle our differences later?”
	Dr. Horrible considered this for a minute. “Well as long as I gain your trust and section 5 security access.”
	“You got it” said Deacon, “Now lets get that girl back.” They both turned and ran out of the door.
	Meanwhile on the super-secret-stealth plane...
	“So, what’s your plan?” Penny really was curious. How was this man going to help her? She didn’t even really know what she wanted yet!
	“Well, first, we go to my super-secret base on Antarctica, where those losers will never find us! Then, you tell me what you want, and I’ll see what I can do.”
	What do I want? Penny asked herself. Not money or fame or gold of even romance, especially when she remembered who she really was. “I want to return to my dimension” she said.
	Stark turned, “YOUR dimension?”
	“Yeah, I don’t belong here.”
	“So, who are you then?”
	She hesitated, “My name is Hannibal, I’m a dragon and I mistakenly came here and changed into this, I thought Dr. Horrible could get me home.”
	“You know who Dr. Horrible is?”
	“Yes,” Lie.
	“You know what he’s planning then?” Truth be told, Stark had been applying to the ELE for months, but they continued to ignore him. If he could just thwart the Doctor and accomplish the dastardly deed himself, maybe Bad Horse would finally let him join!
 	“Oh I, um...” Hannibal froze. Should he continue lying?
	“Penny, I need to know, so I can warn people!” Lie. He stepped toward Penny, “Please, you can trust me.”
	“I don’t know, I could get hurt,” good, she told herself, avoid the subject as much as possible.
	“When you are ready then,” he took another step towards her. She turned and walked to the window. “Penny,” he collected himself, “In the other dimension, who are you?”
	“I am no one, same as I am here. No one knew who I was, not even the stupid wood nymph! I was just another face in the crowd, but if i go back now, I can show everyone just who I am!”
	“And who ARE you, Penny?”
	“I’m lost!”
	“If you won’t tell me who you are then I will! You are my other half, my soulmate! My forever love! from the moment I first saw you I knew we were meant to be!” All hope of subtlety left Stark, he grabbed her hands, “PENNY I LOVE YOU!” Then he leaned forward and before she could react, their lips met, and Penny felt magic.
	It was like nothing she had ever felt before. Better than curling up for a warm nap in the sun or chomping down on an endless feast of brittle berries. The moment was so incredibly beautiful and magical and she never wanted it to end.
	When the finally pulled apart after what felt like hours but was probably only seconds, the two could do nothing more than stare at each other in amazement.
	“Penny I will give you the world! I will pull down the stars for you!”
	“Oh Nathan, you already have!” she blinked away the tears that had appeared. the two stood embracing in the plane. together they watched the sun set, and once again they looked deep into one another’s eyes and kissed, the rosy light forming a halo around the two.
	The Two sat in complete and utter contentment for a while before Nathan pulled back and got down on one knee. “Oh Nathan!” Penny gasped tears springing into her eyes
	“Penny, I love you so much and I don’t know how I survived without you. You are the love of my life and every single time I picture my future, you’re there by my side. Penny, will you marry me?” Penny gasped again in shock as he pulled out the most beautiful ring she had ever seen.
	Then suddenly the pilot console beeped, “Nathan, what was that?”
	He stood up and ran over, “Blast, they are trying to shoot us out of the sky!”
	“What!?” Penny paled.
	“Penny, I need you to trust me.”
	“I always trusted you, whatever you ask me to do I will do it, wherever you ask me to go, I will go there.”
	“We only have one parachute,” He pulled the harness over his muscular shoulders,”I will hold you in my arms and jump out of the plane.” He opened the door, lifted her into his beautifully tanned and toned arms. Penny felt herself trust him immediately, then he jumped out of the plane.
	The rush as they were falling was startling, but Penny had never felt safer than when she was wrapped up in his arms. Somehow, the free fall with Stark felt more real and left her feeling more alive than anything in her whole entire life.
	“Okay Penny,” He called, staring deeply into her eyes, “In about a minute I am going to ask you to hit this button on my shoulder for me. Do you think you can do that?” Penny nodded, not breaking eye contact.
	“NOW!” He cried, knowing that waiting any longer would be detrimental to their health.
	Penny hit the red button and the chute was released with a fwoosh.
	“Penny!!!!” Stark screamed, she had slipped when the parachute had opened, she clung desperately to a loose rope on the parachute harness. Stark knew he must save his love from certain death, he maneuvered himself and grabbed her hand, he pulled her in, as if he was dancing, and they kissed all the way down to the earth.
	The two continued kissing as they landed, Stark angling them so that he took on the full force of the landing cradling Penny in his arms.
	“I thought i was going to lose you there, Penny” he whispered when they broke apart, his face falling as the thought of the possibility. “I don’t know what I would do with you!”
	Rather than waste time with words, Penny pulled him into a fierce hug, staring at their surroundings over his shoulder. “Are we in a field of daisies?”
	“PENNY!!!!! HOW COULD YOU? I...I THOUGHT THAT WE WERE IN LOVE???” Heinz stepped from beneath the shadow of an elm tree.
	“YOU!” Penny screamed, the buried her face in Stark’s shoulder.
	Stark comforted her, gently kissing away her tears. “Horrible, can’t you see that you’re scaring her? Have you no shame!?”
	“I can’t believe it, you betrayed me.” He looked sadly at the two deep in love, then he smiled evilly. “Guards, take them to the dungeon and summon Dr. Henry Deacon.”
	The two could only stare in shock as Dr. Horrible’s minions grabbed them forcefully and dragged them through a small patch of forest before they reached an extravagant yet imposing house.
	“What is this place?”
	In response to Penny’s question, Deacon stepped outside with a laugh. “You think your boyfriend is the only one with a super secret base? Really? This”, he said with a flourish, “is mine. Well, technically it’s the bank’s-- I’m still working off the mortgage.”
	Stark frowned, “I didn’t think you were the type to have a super secret base, Henry.”
	“Yeah? well I didn’t think you were the type to go around stealing people’s girlfriends!”
	“Touche” said Stark after a moment’s thought.
	“Now” Said Henry, “To the dungeon” and he motioned to the guards to drag them away.
	The dungeon was, as many dungeons are, dark and damp with a few torture devices thrown here and there about it.
	“In you go” said the guard gruffly and shoved the two lovers into the cell.
	There was a dark shape in the corner, “More people? Thank the stars! well, not really, I hate them.”
	“Who are you?” Penny asked, “What have you done to be thrown into here?”
	“I,” said the man stepping out of the shadows, “am Septimus, seventh son to a now dead king, hated by the stars, hottest in the land, and your next boyfriend,” he winked at Penny.
	Penny giggled and blushed, still not used to all of these men flirting with her and, well, Septimus was very handsome. Before she could give any response, Stark wrapped a protective arm around her. “Back off, sir, this woman is mine! As soon as we are free, we shall be wed and live happily ever after!”
	Septimus’s smile turned into a smirk as pulled a sword out of thin air. “Very well then, we shall duel for her love.”
	Stark pulled his own sword from the air and questioned, “To the death?”
	“No,” Septimus replied, a strange glint in his eyes, “To the pain.”
	“Or you could just ask me who i want to marry.” Penny said impatiently.
	“Shut up Penny, men are talking” Stark said, agitated. Penny was too aghast to say anything!
	“You vile man, how dare you speak to a maiden in such tones!” Cried Septimus.
	“Yeah, no kidding” Penny said, grabbed Stark’s sword and thrust it through his chest. A red fountain blossomed from his shirt and he fell over dead.
	Penny slowly came down from her haze of anger, letting the realization of both what she had done and that Septimus had her wrapped in his arms wash over her. “What...What have I done?”
	“You slayed that misogynist! This is quite a proud moment, indeed. I should tell you, I managed to kill three of my six brothers, and the others took care of themselves! Now that we’ve bonded over killing people who are close to us, let us make our escape!”
	“Not so fast!” The two turned in shock to see Dr. Horrible standing at the door, freeze ray securely in hand.
	“Penny, you lied to me, I know who you are, and I know where you are from, and now you are going to help Deacon and me.”
	“You stupid oaf,” Septimus said, “It is Deacon and I.”
	“SHUT UP STAR CHASER” Horrible cried and aimed the freeze ray.
	“NOOOOOOOO” Penny cried and drove the sword right into Dr. Horrible’s side.
“What was that for, Penny?” Clutching his side, Dr. Horrible dropped his freeze ray groaning at the pain.
	“You were going to hurt Septimus! What did you expect me to do? Sit back and watch it happen?”
	“Well, yes, actually. Regardless, you WILL help us and you will neither complain nor plot against us, lest we ‘accidently’ forget to send down food for the rest of the year. Now, are you going to come willingly or do I need to get Deacon down here to keep you...compliant?”
	“Oh no you won’t!” Cried Septimus and grabbed the keys to the cell and slammed the door shut.
	“Great, you grabbed the keys, but we are still stuck in here! How could you be so dense?!” Cried Penny. Then out of nowhere Septimus lifted her into his arms and flew through the ceiling and into the blue sky and freedom.
	Doctor Horrible looked up in shock at the hole Septimus left behind him. The prince had managed to smash through all five floors of the secret hideout, the sub-attic, attic, and the roof. Surely Deacon noticed the commotion and would come looking for him...right?
	“... Deacon?” It had been five and a half hours, now and the bit of sky he could see through the ceiling was growing dark. Where was he?
	“Hahahahah” Chortled Deacon,”Those two love birds played right into my evil plan, and even took care of that fool Horrible for me, now only I will rule the dimensions!!!” But little did Deacon know that trouble was coming (legit, it’s name was Trouble)
	Suddenly, out in the yard, a rippling light shone out of nowhere. It swirled around for a while before out came a stunningly beautiful woman with an evil glint in her eyes. As she looked around at her surroundings she frowned. This wasn’t Disney!
	Still, she could take over here before moving on to reward herself with a trip to Disney.
	“Where am I?” She wondered out loud. Down in the dungeon, Horrible heard the sweet voice and he looked up at the stars. Then suddenly a huge fire ball sailed over the roof and down into the murky depths.
	“Peasant!” She said, “Speak or sacrifice your life!” and she grabbed him by the throat.
	“You’re my kind of woman,” he managed to say.
	“How dare you address the Queen of Flames in such a manner!” her black hair framed her fragile face and her dark eyes flashed red and dangerous.
	“Whaaa...?” he replied because all Dr. Horrible was doing was watching her lips form words.
	She smirked. “You pitiful human!” She dropped him to the ground, leaving him panting. “Bow to me! worship me! Do whatever I say!”
	Doctor Horrible, shaken from the whole being grabbed by the throat experience, willingly bowed to her, mesmerized by her beauty. “Of course! I’ll follow you anywhere, but where will we go?”
	“Well,” Trouble started, a smirk on her lips,”we fly after that fool Septimus and his new bride” she growled, “First he tries to kidnap one of my daughters, then he is too good for them, he will PAY!” She yelled and drew a grenade out of her robe, grabbed Horrible by the arm and flew into the sky after the lovebirds.
	Soon they were hot on their tail. Following as the pair landed in...
	“Canada?” Doctor Horrible asked, confused.
	“You really are a good guy aren’t you? Canada is the premiere vacation spot for villains this season. It looks like we’ve landed just outside of Winnipeg.”
	As the two arrived, Septimus and Penny turned, just in time to watch the rather impressive landing.
	Septimus gasped in shock; his face grew even more pale when he noticed the weapon in Trouble’s hand. “Penny, how much do you love me?”
	“Well, I love you quite a bit I guess...”
	“Do you love me enough to do a Bruno Mars and catch a grenade for me?”
	“Woah woah woah. You are supposed to do that for me! I’m the girl!”
	“But my fair maiden, she isn’t throwing the grenade at you!” Then it sailed towards them sparking as time slowed. In slow motion Penny leaped into the air, grabbed it, and threw it back in the direction it came. Dr. Horrible caught it, dropped it and ran away dragging Trouble behind him.
	Realizing what was about to happen, Septimus and Penny turned and ran as well, and were still running as the bomb went off, carrying waves of heat and just plain force. Penny and Septimus were pushed forward as they ran, stumbling but never losing their momentum.
	Doctor Horrible and Trouble, however, had taken to the air and were flying off. “I think that did them in,” Doctor Horrible laughed, certain.
	“Didn’t you see them running away? No, I’ll have to go back and do the job myself.”
	Penny heaved a great sigh of relief and flopped herself into a bed of daisies Septimus sat beside her and caressed her cheek.
	“Penny my love, you were brilliant.”
	Penny sighed and closed her eyes, everything was so peaceful right now, perfect.
	“Penny, my sweet, have you ever thought about us? We are the perfect team, you have beauty, brains, and bravado, while I have brains and brawn. Together we could live in the woods as outlaws and fight the evils of the world!”
	“I love you.” Sighed Penny and she smiled.
	“So you’ll do it? You’ll run off into the woods to live with me forever? We could be so happy together. Fighting crime side by side!”
	Penny frowned for a moment, “Yes, but on one condition.”
	“Anything you want, my love, anything at all.”
	“Could we take a rain check on the whole ‘fighting the evils of the world’ thing? It’s been a really crazy week, and I was hoping we could just relax for a little bit, you know?”
	“Of course! But we must first make our way into the fire swamp, where we will make our home.”
	‘Hold on,” Said Penny, “Wouldn’t that freaky fire lady live there? I mean she is the Queen of Fire.”
	“How do you know that Penny?”
	“She spoke to me in my head, told me who she was and that she would help me get back home. But I like here better.”
	“Of course you do, I am your soulmate, and home is where your heart is. Penny, STAY WITH ME!!!” 
	“As you wish” was all she could reply.
	“You make a good point about the fire swamp, though. She would choose there to be her home. Only a fool would choose to live so close to their attempted murderer. And that’s exactly why we’ll live there.”
	“What, why? That’s insane!”
	“Exactly! She would never think that we would be so stupid as to wander right into the wolf’s den! She won’t even think to look for us there!”
	“Um, how about we live under the ocean, no fire there!”
	“Dear Penny,” He was starting to get annoyed now, “just listen to me, we could stay hidden forever, never to be found.”
	“Dearest Septimus,” Now SHE was getting annoyed. “She would find us and kill us.”
	“Oh, I already have,” Said the evil voice from behind them.
	The pair turned around and froze. Penny at least, had been expecting to see Trouble, since that was her voice. And, with all the crazy stuff that had happened recently it may very well have been. She just wasn’t expecting... this.
	Septimus, however, did not appear fazed by their unwelcome guest in the least. Instead, he pulled out his sword and pointed it at the Llama wearing sunglasses that was standing in front of him. “You haven’t yet killed us witch, and you never will!”
	“STOP!” Penny cried, “Everyone just stop, this is ridiculous! Dragons? Different dimensions? Queen of Fire? Molecular changers? Freeze rays? None of this is real!” Suddenly her vision clouded over, black clouds rolled into the sky, rain started pouring down and thunder boomed. Penny blinked to clear her vision, but when she opened her eyes she was enveloped in water and she was sinking. Then she was pulled upwards and out of the water.
				Dimension the Third
	She was held in the muscular arms of a soldier, “Septimus?” She asked.
	“No,” he said, “My name is John. I saw you fall off the wharf and hit your head, you could have drowned.”
	“John...” She said, and smiled.
	“Are you sure you are OK? I can take you to the hospital if you need it.” John offered, concern showing in his seemingly endless green eyes.
	“I’m fine,” She insisted moving to walk away on her own. She barely made if a foot before she stumbled and John rushed to catch her before she hit the ground.
	“Clearly you’re not alright. Now, what’s your name?”
	“I, um..., I don’t..., I’m not...sure...exactly...” She stammered and touched her forehead, she looked at her hand, it was covered in blood.
	“You’re not ok, here” He picked her up in his arms and ran all the way to the hospital with her, while she contemplated her name.
	What could it be? she wondered. While she was thinking, her eyes started to close. John worried about what would happen if she fell asleep, so he gently shook the girl in his arms. “Hey, you’ve got to stay awake, okay?”
	“I-I’ll try.”
	“Hmmm... How about I try and guess your name then?” giggling , Penny nodded. “Is it... Alexandra?” She shook her head. “Amanda?” Another shake. “Hmmm... How about Ariel?” Penny started giggling again a this, so John decided, “Well, until you tell me your name, that’s what I am going to call you.”
	He smiled, “I will call you...” But he never finished the sentence. A small dart hit him in the back of the neck and he fell down unconscious.
	“Everybody freeze.” A large hulking man stepped out of the elevator.
	“Butler, is that totally necessary?” A small dark haired boy stepped out from behind him, “I am 15 years old, not the president, even though I am smarter and more rich,” He saw Penny, “Ah, a lady, Butler, introduce us.”
	“I am Butler, bodyguard to the infamous Artemis Fowl. And you are?”
	“I don’t know.”
	“How could you not know? Why, that’s simply preposterous!”
	“Well I don’t know who I am. Trust me, we’d both be happier if that were impossible. What do you want with me anyway?”
	“Well,” he considered this for a moment, “You are an unexpected mishap in my plan, so you will be dealt with. Though I am unsure how as of yet.”
	Butler looked at Penny and his heart was moved by her desperate situation, the poor girl, and he smiled one of his rare smiles at her.
	For some reason, Penny couldn’t help but giggle and blush at the smile and she hardly noticed John tensing up by her side.
	“Just leave us alone,” John ordered defensively, “We just want to see a doctor; she hit her head and almost died!”
	“Well,” Artemis said with a smirk, “She still might die today if you rub me the wrong way.”
	“What he means is that she will have her mind wiped, we wouldn’t want an innocent to die would we?” Butler added hastily giving Artemis an angry glare. he may be my principal but I won’t let him kill people, he thought.
	“Yes, yes, kill, wipe memories, it’s all the same really. Now, back to my plans.” Artemis began to pace, scratching his chin as he thought. “If you do as I say, I will let you leave this place with your memories and bodies intact. If you don’t, well, we’ll see...”
	“Wait,” Penny cut in, “If you can wipe memories, could you also recover my lost memories for me?” She batted her eyelashes a little, just for effect.
	“Madame, I do not think that you are in any place to negotiate right now so please, keep quiet and all of you follow me.” Then he stopped pacing and entered a restricted science lab.
	“We can’t go in there,” John said, worried, “Did you see the sign on the door? This is a restricted lab. The sign said ‘Authorized personnel only’! Are we authorized personnel? No, I don’t think so!”
	“My dear poorly trained soldier, we don’t need authorization, we are merely borrowing a few vials of gnomstofules episterimus for some friends of ours.”
	“Friends?” Asked Penny, “What friends?”
	“ Oh, just some unearthly friends of ours who are very sick and need this to heal some wounds from a very poisonous and dangerous beast, a Basilisk.”
	“A Basilisk? But... Those are made up! They’re the stuff of myths and legends and fiction! Where did your ‘friends’ find one?” Penny was thoroughly perplexed.
	“Never assume that the stuff of legends is not real just because it exists in legends. After all, all legends are based in the truth.”
	“Oh come on,” She said, “The next thing you are going to tell me is that fairies are real and that they all went underground after humans pushed them out of their homes.”
	Artemis reddened and looked at his shoes guiltily, no one had ever known his plans before.
	“Everything alright down there Artemis?” Said the voice of captain Holly Short through the almost invisible microphone in Artemis’s ear.
	“No,” He said, “Prepare one more spot on the shuttle, we will be bringing a friend.”
	He quickly grabbed the vials he had been looking for and headed out the door with a curt, “come along now,” to the two strangers who were standing confused with no apparent inclination to move.
	When they were all in the lobby, Artemis stopped and turned to face his followers
	“What’s going to happen to us?” John asked, not sure he really wanted to know.
	“You sir will not have to worry about this anymore.”
	“Wait, you can’t!...” John never finished his sentence, Butler had grabbed him in a knockout hold, then injected his arm with a strange green fluid, then dropped him to the floor.
	“What is going on?” Asked Penny scared for her life, “I have friends...”
	“Calm down, you will not be harmed, yet.”
	“But what did you just do to him? Is he going to be okay?”
	Artemis frowned at the level of worry she was expressing. Why does she care about that idiot? “Yes, he will be okay? For now. When he wakes up with no clue who he is, where he is from, or where he is now. However, I cannot say how he will fare.”
	“Are you planning on doing that to me too?” She was seriously scared for her future. “You know that I already don’t know any of that stuff. Why not just let me be?”
	“Because you are in danger.” Butler said, then he turned red and started watching for intruders.
	“Yes, as my bodyguard says, you are in danger because you are with me and I am public enemy number one.”
	Penny took a step back and prepared to run when suddenly Artemis’s hand started to vibrate like a cell phone.
	“Hello? Holly how are you?” Artemis talked into his thumb, “Worse? There have been some complications but we will come through, don’t worry.” Then he tapped his thumb and looked at Penny.
	“What the heck was that?” She asked, baffled.
	“Technology that is far superior to any that you will ever know. Now, come along, and try not to ask so many stupid questions.”
	Artemis led the way out of the hospital to a waiting shuttle, door open and driver glaring at the approaching party of three. “What were you doing in there that took so long Artemis? You know we don’t have all day!” 
	“Doo Dah, you should respect you superiors because without us, you would still be in prison far beneath the sea in Atlantis.”
	“Atlantis?!” Penny asked, rather shocked.
	“Who is she?” asked the pixie.
	“No questions, just drive.” They all climbed into the van and Doo Dah hit the gas. Butler took the seat next to Penny’s and reassuringly held her hand.
	Almost subconsciously, Penny squeezed his hand in hers, feeling a strange amount of comfort from the gesture. She had no clue who she was, where she came from, where she was going, or who she was with, and yet she had the feeling that everything would be okay.
	Still, she had to ask, “Where are we going?”
	Artemis smiled evilly as he stared out the window. The look made Penny shiver but soon she returned to a state of complacency in the arms of Butler. She asked again, “Where are we going?”
	Artemis turned to her, “Why my dear, we are going to Atlantis.”